CAMILLE: OK.
-Trust me, you don't want to know.
To the future! And to Miami!
Ah, you know, I'm probably gonna mess it up
and be right back here before you know it.
No, you won't, you're gonna be a superstar!
-Oh! -Oh, I'm sorry. Let me.
I'll do it. Don't worry. Accidents happen, huh?
Maybe it's for the best.
Wouldn't want your final performance
to be a drunken disaster.
-All right, ladies and gentlemen!
Only a few minutes to go before the best cabaret you will see.
So please, fill your glasses! And prepare to salute
our super sexy singers!
-Eloise and the delicious Aimee!
You ever had a boss you could happily kill?
-No comment. -Five minutes, please.
I'm gonna go and get ready, I'll see you after the show.
-And not too much drinking, young lady.
-BOTH: It's a school night!
Bit early for bed, Milton.
Been working mornings down at the docks.
-Yes.
That and trying to get some beauty sleep.
Let me tell you a bedtime story. Our Commissioner
is a very unhappy man.
Because there's been a rush of bootleg rum out on the streets
and the bars and the businesses
who make the real stuff are calling him
every day to complain.
So me and Fidel here have been given the task of
finding out who's behind it all.
Ah! That's a lovely story.
In fact, it's a fairytale. I gave that up years ago!
Now, if you don't mind, I need my beauty sleep.
Hey. Nice watch. How could you afford something like that?
If you've been working as a go-between for the bootleggers,
tell him, Milton.
You know what Dwayne's like when he gets annoyed.
Seriously!
Listen, Laurel and Hardy, this is the 21st century.
That stuff doesn't work any more. So shut me door
on your way out.
Idiot!
♪ I'm your key to set you free
♪ You can come to me
♪ Don't be shy
♪ Let me try
♪ It's you I really want and not another
-♪ Baby don't you fight
♪ Oh, get your little self uptight
♪ Oh, no
♪ Baby, after tonight
♪ Baby, after tonight... ♪
-Aimee!
Aimee! Aimee! Aimee!
Aimee! Aimee!
Aimee! Aimee!!
The victim, you say she was a friend of Camille's?
Aimee Fredericks. Old school friend.
Been working away from the island, on and off
for the past few years.
-Seeking fame and fortune. -So it was a reunion of sorts.
Yeah, she was really, really excited about seeing her again.
Right, well, we'd better be ready to pick up the slack.
I doubt Camille's going to be in any frame of mind to work.
Sit down! I'm not going to say it again. This is a crime scene!
Paramedics think it might have been poison.
-Right. Camille... -And if that's the case
then we need possible sources of the poison.
There's a shot glass and an oyster shell.
They'd fallen on the floor but I retrieved them myself, so they
haven't been contaminated.
-I'm on it.
-I don't think so.
As far as I can make out,
the only things she ate or drank were the shot and the oyster.
I meant for you.
I'm Stephen Morrison. The King Papyrus
is my party boat.
I just... I've no idea what happened.
One minute she's up there singing, the next she's...
-We'll be talking to everybody. -I can't believe it!
It's my fault, it has to be.
-I'm in charge
of food and drink here.
She drank the shot, ate the oyster and then collapsed.
All eyes on me, right?
Investigations are ongoing, thank you.
This is now a crime scene, the whole boat
needs to be sealed off.
Any idea how long she'll be out of commission?
As long as it takes. Do you have a problem with that?
No! No.
-You need to sit down. -No, I don't!
-Look, as your commanding officer...
!
As your superior, I'm ordering you to sit down. You're upset.
-You're in shock. It's for your own good.
What are you going to do Suspend me?
It's not meant to be a punishment.
I'm just, you know, I'm just trying to help.
Then help me to find out who did this!
Fidel, we need full names and addresses of all staff
and passengers.
I want written statements and exclusion prints taken.
And lots of people were taking pictures,
I want all cameras and phones handed in before anyone leaves
the boat!
-OK. -Hey.
Thank you.
Sir, thank you. Ma'am, thank you.
-Name. Madam. -Thank you, sir, good night.
-Camera, sir. -It's back at
the Green Bay Hotel, mate.
Names and addresses, please.
These phones and cameras are going to take ages.
And don't forget, we got the bootlegging
to follow up
or the Commissioner will be on our backs.
Yes, Dwayne. I've been thinking about that.
Ah! Go on, then?
I've been thinking, maybe I should just
take the lead, you know?
-Yeah, be in charge
of the investigation.
You want to be my boss?
Well, part of the Sergeant's exam is role play...
Ah, you want to pretend to be my boss.
It's not about anyone being anyone's boss, it's more of
a case of...
-Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah!
Go on, knock yourself out.
Sherlock.
Last night on the boat. What was that thing you did
with Camille?
Thing?
Sort of...
Oh, that. I was just letting her know that
I'm here if she needs me.
-Yeah, but you didn't say anything.
-I didn't have to.
Right.
So you just look at her and she thanks you.
I try to help, she practically bites my head off.
Chief, a woman like Camille doesn't want "help".
Support, sure, but help? Never.
And you have very soft hands, Chief.
Er, right!
The victim was Aimee Fredericks, 23.
She had worked on the King Papyrus party boat
for six months.
How long had the boat been in Saint Marie?
It arrived back this week, Chief, after a nine week
stint in Guadeloupe.
Antigua and Tobago before that.
So it stops off here about three times a year or so.
According to Camille, Aimee's performance yesterday was going
to be her final one.
She was due to go and work for a producer in Miami
and launch a recording career. But someone, for some reason,
didn't want that to happen.
What have we got on the other passengers?
Ah! We ran a check, they were your usual mix
of holiday-makers,
half a dozen locals.
No-one with criminal records or any links to Aimee
as far as we can see.
The staff checked out clean as well.
I took these with my camera yesterday.
Six good shots, leading up to the, to the incident.
What about the other cameras?
-I'm starting on them now. -OK, let's get a move on.
Sir, we should go and check Aimee's apartment.
Dwayne, I've set up an interview for you with RJ,
the waiter on the boat.
You want to know the secrets of a workplace,
ask the serving staff.
Camille. Camille! Camille, before we go...
What?
What are you doing?!
I don't know. I saw Dwayne doing it before.
-Right, erm, it's just... -It's just
a little bit awkward.
You know, my grandparents had a dog called Laddie.
Irish setter.
You know, he was probably my best friend, you know,
growing up.
And when I was 11, he was, he was hit by a milk...
Well, it wasn't a milk float, it was a milk van.
Anyway, the point, the point I'm trying to make is that...
Look, it was very difficult for me, you know.
And I, I was upset for weeks, months even.
Sir, Aimee was my friend, not a pet. That's different.
No, no, of course, I was... I mean that was just sort of...
Just trying to show you I understand
and can be supportive.
Yeah, well, you don't really seem to have any friends,
so I'm not sure how you could possibly understand.
He was a very clever dog, you know, he could do tricks.
Please, don't support me any more!
No.
POOLE: Sorry.
RJ: Sorry, what was the question again?
DWAYNE: Can you describe your job on the boat?
I'm a waiter. You know, I wait.
I bring food and drink out to customers.
And to Aimee as well?
Yeah. Yeah, they do this bit, it's like part of an act.
She drinks a shot and then swallows an oyster.
-Yeah.
-Yeah, don't see why not.
-Well, anyone, I guess.
I'm always picking stuff up, putting it down.
Tell me about her relationships with the others on the boat?
How about Stephen?
-He's your boss. -Oh. I dunno.
It's just a job, isn't it?
I just rock up, switch off, you know, count down
until I can go home again.
-Science.
-Never mind.
So you don't really have anything that useful
you can tell us, do you? No. I did see, erm,
thingy and the guy have a big argument two days ago.
-The girl.
-You can't keep me here! -Aimee, you're not being fair.
And you think you're being fair? My mind is made up.
You can't stop me.
-We both know that's not true. -I'm getting that money!
And do you know what this money was they were talking about?
Nah, not really.
Hey, how much do you guys get paid?
I could really do with getting a better job.
-I'm not sure this police work is really for you.
-You don't seem the most observant person in the world.
-Oh! Harsh.
But fair. I like it.
Lock's broken.
Possibly someone forced it.
Maybe it just needed repairing.
She complained about that.
Not having a home. Just a rental.
Living out of a suitcase.
It doesn't look like there's been a break-in.
Too clean. No mess.
Maybe somebody was looking for something in particular.
Didn't steal the beer.
A petal.
Phalaenopsis. It's a type of orchid often found
in the Caribbean.
There's no flowers in here.
Hmm.
Ah! Sarge, I interviewed RJ, the waiter.
-He said Aimee and her boss were arguing a few days ago.
He wasn't sure, but he thinks it was about money.
He also said that after he picked up the tray
with the oyster and shot glass from the bar,
just about anyone could have tampered with it.
And the toxicology report came through on Aimee's postmortem.
Here. She was definitely poisoned.
Strychnine. The dosage suggests no more than five minutes from
when it was taken
to her, to her death. I'm sorry.
How about the oyster shell, the shot glass?
It's strange, but there was no trace of poison on either.
That's impossible. They were the only two things she ate
or drank before she collapsed.
She didn't imbibe anything else?
No, only the cocktail she was drinking with me.
But we shared a pitcher. Random glasses from the table.
Right. I think we should go and talk to Stephen Morrison,
the boat owner.
He has access to all areas of the boat and he was seen arguing
with the victim a few days before.
-As good a place to start as any.
-DWAYNE: Sure.
Anything here?
I'm trying to put together a timeline of the afternoon.
Top left corner, when the party starts,
then later as you go across and down.
A couple of people were taking videos on their mobile phones,
mostly bad quality, but I managed to transfer some stills
where I can.
These customers joking with Aimee during the performance,
do we know anything about them?
Yes. They've all given full written statements
and been interviewed.
-They're just regular family guys.
-Hmm. So we have a victim
murdered in public, in plain view of everyone,
surrounded by cameras and in the company of a police officer.
And not only do we not know who did it, we don't even know how.
Hang on. Here.
Hawaiian shirt.
-It's a video camera.
I never saw one of those in the box.
That's because there wasn't one.
Wait... I remember him.
Of course. How could I forget that shirt?
I think he's staying at the Green Bay,
but I'm pretty certain he said he didn't have a camera.
Ah! Colin Smith, Green Bay Hotel.
Why would he lie about not having a camera?
That's a question I'd very much like to ask him.
This is really rather impressive, Fidel.
Thank you, sir.
OK, thank you. No-one with that name at the Green Bay.
So he lied about that too?
Listen, we'll track him down, OK? I promise.
You and I should go and talk to Stephen Morrison, see what this
argument over money was about.
Hold on, Chief. Commissioner...
Wants us to focus on the bootleggers, but he'll have
to wait.
He's probably busy anyway, tucking into some lobster
or swallowing down an over-priced bottle of plonk.
-Or standing behind you. -Or standing behind me.
And as a gentleman and a scholar,
able to take a joke in the spirit that it was intended.
I'd happily take anything if you've some progress
on my bootleggers.
A certain influential company on the island
who sell a certain brand name of rum are unhappy at having
their product undercut.
FIDEL: I'm in charge of the investigation, sir.
We're sure the distribution is being organised
by a Milton Reynards.
Now if we gather evidence to use as a leverage on him,
I'm fairly sure he'll give up the names of those behind it.
-Very, sir, of course.
How many percent?
86. Erm, 87.
I like your style, son.
-Don't let me down. -No, sir.
-It sounds worse than it is. -You were arguing with someone
days before they were murdered,
how much worse could it be?
We can do this at the police station if you prefer.
Look, Aimee wanted to leave, right? She said she had a deal
with someone in Miami.
That's what we all want, a break!
Look, she had a contract. She had another 18 months left
to run on it.
The only way out of it was to buy herself out of it. That's
what we were arguing about.
-No, I didn't threaten her.
I just made it clear no producer would touch her if they knew she
had a contract somewhere else.
-Yeah. A contract's a contract.
Look, Aimee was a very good act,
but if she'd just waited, we could have all had
our shot together.
And, frankly, that would have been to her advantage.
Because I built this business up from scratch,
I know what I'm doing.
-20 grand.
! -She signed it.
No-one forced her.
She never had that kind of money.
She told me she did and that she would let me
have it when she left.
-I have no idea.
The other singer, Eloise?
-Oh! -I'm so sorry.
I saw her yesterday, she didn't like Aimee.
-It's a workplace,
people have their ups and downs.
-Ellie. Eloise.
She's, she's great,
but one night in a club and I see Aimee singing
and I'm like, "Pow!" I'm sold. Star quality.
And Eloise was fine with that, being relegated to singing
back
She knew it was a business decision.
We're in this together.
You know, in sickness and in health.
! -Eight years.
So you brought in someone younger
to replace your own wife at work and you say
this wasn't an issue?!
And Aimee wanting to buy herself out of a contract early
wasn't an issue either?
Losing your star attraction didn't hurt at all?
GRANT: Hello. Sorry.
Excuse me, nobody's allowed on the boat.
I was hoping to pick up my knives. They are rather
expensive, so...
Sorry, but everything has to remain where it is
for the time being.
If they do go missing, I'll hold you responsible.
Wait a second, you were in charge of all food and drink
yesterday, is that right?
Yeah. Yeah.
Did Aimee eat anything other than the oyster
and the shot?
No, she wouldn't have done. Staff can't eat until
after the guests, so no.
Except for the cocktails she was drinking with you.
But there's nothing else?
No. Oh, maybe the gargle bottles.
They do that before every show to soothe the vocal chords.
They keep the bottles here, back stage.
Well, they're meant to.
That's them.
STEPHEN: Yeah, that's them.
Have the police been to see you yet?
-No. -Well, they will.
The gargle bottles, did you move them?
Why?
Ellie, what have you done?
If the man in the Hawaiian shirt is going to be anywhere,
I think we'll find him here.
He was filming the event,
so it suggests he likes to keep a distance
between himself and the others.
Excuse me.
So, you think he's off to the side alone, filming everything?
Yeah, I think so, maybe.
Look.
Fidel, you're a married man, you know.
No! There.
OK.
Right! This time we do it my way.
Were you on the King Papyrus party boat yesterday?
I was, yeah. Then I'm going to have to ask you to hand over
that camera.
Hey, that's private property.
Look, we can do this the easy way
or the hard way.
So which is it to be?
Fidel! Camera!
Yeah, right!
-All right, all right.
We should still be able to retrieve the data,
if we're lucky.
!
Honore Police.
-POOLE: Fidel. -Hi, sir.
I was just looking for Camille.
I think she said she might go to the beach.
Camille?
-Yes, I'll be back to
work in a minute.
Yes.
Right. Yeah.
-Sitting down.
In the sand?
I'm not very much use to you, am I?
Yes, you are. You're...
You're fantastic.
You know, you've, you've just lost your friend.
All the more reason to stop being so useless and
help you to find her killer.
You're not a machine, you're a person.
You know, when you care about someone...
...sometimes it's hard to...
be eloquent, you know, about how you feel.
To, to tell them how much...
...how much they mean... meant to you.
How important they are in your life and how special.
I've never heard you talk like this before.
No, just trying, you know...
-Exactly.
Well, I think it's very sweet of you. And better
than the dog story.
We, we got the results back on the gargle bottles.
We found traces of strychnine in Aimee's bottle.
-Aimee's fingerprints
were on her bottle alone.
Eloise's were on both.
-So that's it. -Maybe.
But if she only gargled, would the poison
still have killed her?
Absolutely. Oh, and there was something else.
Rather oddly, Aimee's bottle contained
traces of rosehip hairs.
Well, it's an irritant. Sometimes used
in itching powder.
So the question is, who'd put an irritant
in a bottle used by a singer to gargle just before she
went on stage?
Another singer.
FIDEL: Let's see if this camera works.
MAN: "Oh, yeah, baby! Come on! Oh, yeah! Come on! That's it!"
MAN: "Oh, yeah! Come on!"
"That's it! That's it! Don't stop that!"
-No, thanks.
What beautiful flowers.
Oh. A romantic gesture from Stephen.
-Orchids. -Yeah, they look very fresh.
Yeah, he bought them this morning. Sorry, how can I help?
We just wanted to check on something.
-The gargle bottles you used before the show.
For hygiene.
-Yes.
Just a mix of honey and lemon.
It's just that your fingerprints were found on Aimee's bottle.
Well, I must have picked it up by mistake.
And we also found traces of strychnine,
which was the poison used to kill her.
I swear, I didn't...
I didn't do that.
-I didn't.
No? Very well, tell us about the rosehip.
What?
Traces were found in Aimee's bottle.
It's an irritant. But you know that, don't you?
You scoop out the hair inside the flower.
Oh, look, you have some in your garden.
Mrs Morrison?
You have to understand what it was like.
I mean, Stephen just turned up with her one day
and said she was singing lead. There was no explanation,
no apology.
I mean, he said I was talented.
That he could fulfill my dreams.
Well, apparently those dreams were to sing endless back-up
for someone prettier and more talented than me,
on some tacky party boat.
I didn't, I didn't want to hurt her.
I just wanted to ruin her final performance.
I know that's petty and childish.
I even asked Grant for something from the kitchen,
a chilli maybe,
but when he talked me out of it,
I used the rosehip instead.
I, I swear, I swear to you I didn't kill her.
I just wanted to humiliate her, the way I'd been humiliated!
I knew the bottles would be found.
And if the rosehip was traced back to me,
I mean, everyone knew I hated her.
I thought she had an allergic reaction, I panicked.
So you admit you hid the bottles?
Yes.
-Eloise Morrison, I'm arresting you on suspicion...
-No!
Wait a second, wait a second, wait a second.
-We're not arresting her. -She's practically admitted it.
Camille, you're not thinking straight.
Why use rosehip and poison? Think about it!
Why try to humiliate someone when you know they're going
to be dead
in five minutes anyway? It doesn't make sense.
My colleague and I have discussed the situation
and we have decided we would like you to
surrender your passport
and phone into the station every hour.
So, sorry, am I, am I under arrest or not?
Not yet, no.
POOLE: I know she's a strong suspect,
but that's not enough.
CAMILLE: But the orchids at her house?
POOLE: Which she said came from her husband.
It's a petal. From Phalaenopsis. An orchid.
No? That's odd. I understand and it's your
romantic flower of choice.
I really don't understand what you're getting at.
I think you do. This morning, before we saw you
on the boat here,
-I'm not sure.
POOLE: I suggest you gave Aimee some flowers
and after her death, believing they might
implicate you in some way,
you went to her apartment and retrieved them.
And waste not, want not,
you then gave them to your wife, didn't you?
It's not what you think.
I dropped those flowers off with Aimee yesterday,
as a last-ditch attempt to try and get her to stay.
-No!
-But you wanted to. -No!
Look, when Aimee told me she had the money to buy herself
out of her contract, I really thought I was losing her.
So the flowers were just a stupid idea.
The card with them could have been misconstrued.
By your wife?
You've got to believe me.
Please.
DWAYNE: Oh, it must be nice,
sampling the merchandise in the afternoon. Relax.
It's not a crime.
No. But organising the distribution of bootleg
liquor is.
You think I'm selling rum to the bar
Right. No, don't.
Look, if I go into the bar, turn up the heat,
someone will rat him out.
No, Dwayne, listen. I'm in charge, OK?
We have to do this by the book.
In the old days we'd have rapped him across the head
with the book.
We can use a paid informant.
Someone to go in there on our behalf.
Really
Him?!
You have any better ideas?
That don't involve throwing things around
or shouting at people?
RJ: Right, so let me get this straight,
you want me to go into the bar and...
-Tell them you're having a party.
-A birthday party. -Yeah, but it's
not my birthday.
It doesn't matter!
What you need to let them know is you'd like to buy
50, 60 bottles.
See if you can find out the name of their supplier.
-I dunno. I don't really want to...
-Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey...
I thought you said you wanted to be a policeman.
Yeah, think of this as a training exercise.
-Oh. So it's like a job. -Exactly.
Oh, sweet, and if I do well, I can be a policeman?
Go!
The secret of being a good chef is picking the right produce.
I mean, look at that - it's so beautiful.
It seems a shame to pull them out of the ocean, kill them,
-cook them and eat them... -We wanted to talk to you
about Aimee.
Now was there anything going on between her and Stephen?
Oh, he wishes. No. She was a good girl, wasn't she?
More than that, she was smart.
I think she saw him for what he was.
And what's that?
Well, he fancies himself as a bit of an impresario,
doesn't he? But he's just a cheap salesman
in an even cheaper suit, if you ask me.
But there were tensions between Eloise and Aimee?
She missed her chance at the big time and
Aimee's star was rising.
It couldn't have been easy.
Don't think that makes her a murderer - human maybe,
but not a murderer.
Do you think Eloise meant to harm her in any way?
I'm sure she would have liked to have wrung her bloody neck.
Not literally. Figuratively, of course.
See, if you had listened to me, we'd have been
in and out already.
Warm and dry! Done and dusted!
Dwayne! You're not helping.
Hey!
So, er, you got a name?
Whoa, whoa! Money first, come on.
Name first. Then money.
That's how this thing works.
Ah!
Now talk.
Jealous rival Eloise had opportunity,
but why put rosehip in a bottle you knew contained strychnine?
Boss Stephen was clearly smitten with her
and desperate to stop her leaving.
But do you really give someone flowers
the day before you murder them?
Then there's our mysterious Hawaiian shirt man.
And waiter RJ clearly had access to the shot glass
and the oyster, but did he have access to the gargle bottles?
Why not? He went everywhere serving drinks.
And we have no way of knowing when the poison was put
in the bottle.
In which case Grant, the chef, could have done it too.
But we don't have a motive for any of them.
Which brings us back to Eloise again!
We just got confirmation that the bootlegging
is going through Milton Reynards.
Good job, Fidel.
The Commissioner will be pleased.
Yes, but we still don't have any hard evidence on him.
Well, it's a start. Pick it up again in the morning.
-See if you can get a confession.
-OK.
Oh, and the video camera, there was a bit of damage
but I managed to transfer it to stills, I put it up
on the board.
Anything new? No, not that I can see, no.
So why would he lie about having a camera?
We found him in a local drinking den.
He's supposed to be here on business,
only he's been squeezing in a little bit of rest and
recreation too.
He met up with a lady friend on the night before the boat party
and, well, they made a video.
He was worried his wife would find out.
Even I was shocked.
-So he's not our killer either. -DWAYNE: No.
Look, it's late, you two should get yourselves home.
Sir.
♪ Let me tell you
♪ I'm all alone this lonesome road I roam
♪ I've got no love to call my very own
♪ Oh the river gets deeper the hills get steeper
♪ And the pain gets deeper every day, yeah
♪ I've got a hard road to travel... ♪
-POOLE: Morning, team. -Sir.
Camille. How are you feeling?
Better, thank you, sir.
Good.
Wow, everyone's early today!
If I'd known, I'd have brought coffee.
You two should go and see Milton Reynards.
I promised the Commissioner a result on his bootlegging today.
He won't know what's hit him.
-Come!
Let's go catch a rat.
Come now!
It's unbelievable, isn't it?
We've got every conceivable angle of the bar,
the dance floor and the entrance.
Not a single photograph of the backstage area where
the gargle bottles were kept.
So we have no way of knowing who put the poison in or when.
Except, look at the pictures here.
Just before Aimee comes on stage,
only Eloise comes out from the backstage area. Look.
It has to be her!
I just wish you'd trust me on this.
Yes, going by the book can work.
But sometimes the old ways, you know, getting in their face,
shaking them up a bit...
Look, I can't go intimidating witnesses
if I want to be a sergeant.
-OK. Fine, fine.
Go on. You go ahead, I'll catch you in a minute.
-I don't want to get in your way.
-Don't be like that.
I have a family to support. A future to think about.
-How to relax. -I don't need to learn
how to relax!
No. Of course not.
Clearly you're very calm and collected.
Go on then, go!
You really should get a lock for that door.
Haven't we been here before
Oh, great. Good cop is now all concerned. What a surprise.
Look, Milton, you're going to have to come clean, OK?
We've been given your name as the bootleg dealer.
Where are you getting it from?
I can start going through all of your financial records,
-all of your business, everything.
-I'm sleeping.
-I need a result on this case! -I need my rest. I'm tired.
You're tired?! Do you know what time I have to wake up
in the morning?
Do you?! No, no, no, I don't know either!
All I know is that it's dark and my baby's just crying.
I've got work, I've got classes, I've got homework
and in between, I'd love to spend some quality time
with my wife.
But I can't because there is no time and I've had enough of you!
Tell me who's supplying the hooch, where you're
getting it from,
and who did that to your face. The sooner I can make a break
on this case, the sooner I can get some rest.
But if you hold out one moment longer, tired or not,
I will not be held responsible for my actions.
OK, OK, I'll talk! I'll talk. Just... Dwayne!
You need to learn to relax.
-Oh, thank God. -Oooh. Yeah.
Sometimes the old ways are the best.
What am I missing?
Milton talked.
He gave up the names of the people producing
the bootleg rum.
We can head over and pick it up later.
That should get the Commissioner off our backs. Well done.
You should have seen him, Chief. He made me so proud.
Oh, by the way, there's something else I think
-maybe we should keep an eye on.
Milton wanted to siphon off some of the bootleg
he'd been distributing, you know, make a little bit
on the side.
A criminal and an entrepreneur, how impressive.
So anyway, old Milton's down at the harbour
and he sees this box of empty bottles outside
the King Papyrus party boat, just sitting there.
So he goes to grab them, then out of the blue,
suddenly these guys jump him!
They beat him up real bad, you see, Chief.
-Yes, beer bottles.
Palm Tree beer, it's a local brew.
-Well, write it up in your report.
-Yes, Chief.
I've spent hours looking at them. Nothing.
Do you know how many murders I've investigated?
And in how many of them do you think I had photographs
of the murder scene while the murder
was taking place?
Maybe we...
What?
Oh, my God!
-Quick, here, look! -I can't see anything.
No, not the photographs, the... What's it called?
The decoration!
The mirror thing. Look.
There's Aimee getting ready backstage,
then she reaches for her gargle bottle,
but look here, see, she drops something.
And then, she's distracted by...
CAMILLE: Perhaps her music cue?
POOLE: That's it, of course! Then look here.
She heads straight for the stage. Which means...
She didn't gargle.
But how can that be? The poison was...
That's why nothing made sense. We took a wrong turn
and never got back on track. By focusing on the gargle bottles,
we looked away from what was really important. Fidel,
the forensic report on the oyster shell
and the shot glass, if you would.
Yeah, of course. Fingerprints.
A shot glass and an oyster shell.
They had fallen on the floor, but I retrieved them myself,
so they haven't been contaminated.
POOLE: That's it. But why?
How long had the boat been in Saint Marie?
It arrived back this week, Chief,
after a nine-week stint in Guadeloupe.
Antigua and Tobago before that.
DWAYNE: Milton sees this box of bottles
outside the King Papyrus party boat, so he goes to grab them.
Suddenly these guys jump him.
They beat him up real bad, you see, Chief.
FIDEL: Palm Tree beer, it's a local brew.
The bottle.
That's why it wasn't in the fridge.
-Dwayne! -Chief.
Go over to Aimee Fredericks' apartment,
there's a beer bottle in one of the kitchen cupboards,
bring it to the King Papyrus as fast as you can.
-On my way, Chief. -Fidel, get everyone together
and get them to the boat. OK, right, OK.
Now I know where to look. Excuse me.
How did...
Ah! There you are!
Yeah, and there, very clever. Very good.
Very good.
Two days ago, Aimee Fredericks was poisoned and killed
during what was to be her final number.
And yet there seemed to be no way it could have happened.
She ate an oyster and, er, drank from a shot glass.
But when tested, neither showed any trace of poison.
Yet there were traces of poison
in the bottle Aimee used to gargle with,
along with an irritant. Rosehip.
The rosehip was put in the bottle backstage by Eloise.
The aim was to make it impossible for Aimee to sing
that afternoon,
to humiliate her.
Yet she denies putting poison in the bottle.
I believe her. Not that it matters whether she did
or she didn't,
because on the afternoon in question,
Aimee didn't use that bottle.
The poison we found in it wasn't what killed her.
This whole thing started when Aimee was offered
a job in Miami.
She worked hard, waiting for her big break.
She was determined not to let it slip away.
But her boss Stephen didn't want to let her go.
He pointed out there was a clause in her contract
which meant
it would cost her 20,000 dollars to buy herself out.
I'm getting that money.
POOLE: He even tried to seduce her in an attempt
to get her to stay.
CAMILLE: Tried and failed.
Aimee knew Stephen well enough to know that he'd quite happily
call her producer in Miami to ruin her big chance.
So she decided to try and find the money.
She was excited about going to Miami, so she
must have found it.
Where from?
If Aimee wasn't killed by the poison in the gargle bottle,
how was she killed?
It's simple, really. Sometimes it's easy
to overlook the obvious,
thinking it can't possibly be true, but it was.
Aimee was killed when, in plain view of everyone in the room,
she ate the oyster,
and then she drank the poison from the shot glass.
Because the glass we found didn't contain
any traces of poison,
we missed the other forensic details.
All attention was on the gargle bottle.
Which was nothing more than a distraction,
and I really wish I hadn't done that strange hand wave.
The point being, the shot glass
should have had two sets of fingerprints on it.
Grant's because he prepared it,
and Aimee's because she drank it.
Yet there was only one set of fingerprints found.
-It wasn't the same shot glass.
Exactly!
And once you know that, well,
you know that only the killer would change it,
so therefore only the killer's fingerprints would be on it.
Hmm, isn't that right, Grant?
What are you asking me for?
Because your prints were the only ones found on the clean
shot glass.
You killed Aimee Fredericks.
You've been out in the sun too long,
you've fried your brain, you need to see a doctor.
So should you. Nasty cut on your hand.
Should be more careful.
You knew that this being Aimee's last performance,
your time was running out.
After she drank the poison, it quickly took effect.
Aimee. Aimee!
The tray was on the table when the table toppled over,
but a shot glass is small and thick - it didn't smash.
With the distraction, you saw your chance.
As you swapped it for a replacement,
you cut your hand on the broken glass around it.
I think you were probably standing round about here.
So you're effectively holding the murder weapon
and suddenly you have a police officer in front of you.
Don't move. Police!
What do you do? This, perhaps.
My guess is forensic examination
will show yours and Aimee's fingerprints,
traces of strychnine
and quite possibly a drop of your own blood for good measure.
When you returned to the boat yesterday,
you weren't coming back for your knives -
you were coming to retrieve this from its hiding place.
But what about motive?
Well, that was slightly harder to establish, but,
well, once I knew you were the murderer,
it was simply a case of working backwards.
That, and a seemingly random event.
A small-time criminal was caught trying to steal
a crate of beer bottles from just on the harbour here,
got very badly beaten up. Then I remembered seeing a beer bottle
in the cupboard at Aimee's apartment.
I remember wondering why it wasn't in the fridge.
Dwayne? Behind the bar.
Then it struck me.
I knew where Aimee was hoping to get her 20,000 from.
It was you, wasn't it?
She was blackmailing you, because she'd discovered
your little secret.
You'd been using the party boat's movements
from island to island
to deliver drug shipments.
Stupid bastard!
Eloise told us you knew of her plan
to put something in Aimee's gargle bottle.
I mean, I even, I even asked Grant for
something from the kitchen,
a chilli maybe, but when he talked me out of it,
I, I used rosehip instead.
But you saw her, didn't you, and you put the poison
in Aimee's bottle
assuming Eloise would get the blame.
You watched and waited for Aimee to take
the fatal dose.
But just as Aimee was going to drink from her gargle bottle,
she heard her music cue.
Your plan went wrong
when you saw she failed to drink from it and instead
rushed onstage.
So you quickly came up with plan B.
You poured a shot of rum.
And added a lethal measure of strychnine.
If Aimee had gargled from the bottle as you'd planned,
I'm not sure we could have caught you. But she didn't,
and you were forced into making a mistake.
One that will send you to prison.
Yeah, well, I don't think you can prove it.
I do. Fidel!
Unbeknownst to you, your every move was captured
in the reflective surfaces of the party boat decorations.
Take him away.
Well, well.
Evening, gentlemen.
Flowers.
For you. Orchids.
Stephen may be unoriginal,
but he has fairly good taste in floral arrangements.
Why are you giving them to me?
Because I don't really know how to say I'm sorry.
For what happened to your friend.
Oh, it doesn't matter. They weren't expensive.
Richard. You found out why she died.
Who was responsible.
You've done enough already.
So do you want me to take them back, or...
Well, I, I didn't mean that.
I'm sorry, too. About what I said before.
About how you didn't have friends, because, you know,
we are...
I hope you're not going to say that you, Fidel and Dwayne
are my friends because that would be
horrifically sentimental
and, and mawkish and...
Join me?
Jacket.
They were quite expensive actually,
ridiculous really when you consider